Servicebus April patch release (#20605)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 7.2.0 (2021-04-12)
### Bug Fixes
- Fix issue [19923](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/issues/19923) for session receiver only: Fix a silent 
error 'java.lang.ArithmeticException: long overflow' by not starting 'LockRenewOperation' for each received message.

> - Upgrade to `azure-core-amqp:2.0.4`  improves recovery of connection to Servicebus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade to `azure-core-amqp:2.0.4` improves recovery of connection to Service Bus.
```
